some people need to stop being so nasty  towards women i mean  can we show some respect to women this  hottie over here just turned 30 like a  month ago i've not yet had breakfast so  a shot of portuguese liquor is what i'm  having  so they want to see you cry and they  want to see that you have feelings for  them here is to be  30 years old  with no kids no husband no loans and no  responsibilities not even a boss what's  she doing now  oh she's standing outside  [Music]  she's watching the stream  no  she's stripping  [Music]  i saw what he said about me and i'm  upset so daniel has been this poker face  guy for like how many months  been holding  holding it in and biting his tongue  woman one emotion don't really want to  have the up and down i probably self  sabotage and ruin the relationship  myself  by being grumpy all the time  i'm like a grumpy miserable  boring guy to be dating  i can't even be bothered to get out of  bed until like  3 p.m or 1 p.m only because i  desperately need to pee i just it's just  so much easier to sit here  playing games all day and i kind of want  to step in the face but i'm not gonna do  it i didn't say you're annoying  leave me alone  you're fake as [ __ ]  what did you expect i was gonna do  obviously i want to film and vlog what  i'm doing  if you're so against people filming or  talking about you then don't hook up  with a bloody youtuber she thought she  hooked up with  you right  a youtuber  so obviously  she expect that you will  film something and create some drama  because daniel has always been that  drama queen  sort of guys right  his channel is all about  him being an [ __ ]  so she expected that subconsciously  she was looking for that  in fact there were quite a few girls  uh who are  fans  of daniel  and and slept with him  but more than that  because they crave the drama  because daniel  has been  everything but  boring  leave me alone  you're fake as [ __ ] you know guys the  reason why i like daniel is because he's  honest on his channel but actually he's  just faking it and he's a [ __ ]  [ __ ]  and yes i'm mad by  by taking that away  from the equation daniel has become this  like soulless emotionless  uh drama-free but also  boring guy and i know i probably sound  entitled  and i guess you could say well why do  you expect to be able to have all these  great things  and  have ultimate happiness as a human being  when you're not willing to put in the  work  and you're not willing to put in the  effort to achieve or accomplish those  things  why is why should you just be handed it  and yeah i guess that's true i can't  really argue against that  i don't imagine that there were many  women before me that had the option to  just not get married not have any kids  you know they were usually if they  didn't want to do that stuff and their  family supported them in that they would  usually be forced to either become a nun  or a priestess or something like that  which maybe would have been better than  my current reality i get moody and  grumpy and end up not wanting to do  anything i just want to stay at home and  play video games and watch youtube and  then the  girlfriend gets fed up with me because  that's not what girls want to do they  want to go out and have fun and  have a fulfilling life not just sitting  at home all day playing video games  that's just  kind of what  people do when they're all depressed and  they don't have any drive in life and i  guess that's just really unappealing and  unattractive  and that's probably why  i keep getting dumped over and over  again  one more little toast to being  hot  and 30  and unavailable emotionally